if you were part of a group of burglars
attempting to rob
a new york mansion with a hidden secret
trapped within a ultra secure panic room
would you know how to rob it
in this video we're going to be giving
the burglar some advice so the villains
can finally win the panic room movie
our movie starts off following a mother
and daughter who have recently collected
a nice divorce check from the husband
which allows them to buy
a new new york city mansion they go on a
tour throughout the entire mansion and
includes everything you want from a nice
kitchen to bathroom to
even an amazing guest room one of the
most important features of this house
however is it includes a ultra safe safe
room known as the panic room which
includes its own electrical grid
security cameras around the entire house
and a door that can basically not be
penetrated by any explosions or hammers
that very night the mother and daughter
decide to move in
after the mother puts the daughter to
sleep and she takes a nice warm bath and
goes to bed herself the robbers finally
break in and make their move
the first robber is able to break
through a hole in the ceiling with a
crowbar and then open the door for the
other robber
however the other robber does something
unexpected he brings on a friend
a third person to commit the robbery
in my opinion this is a massive mistake
you have absolutely no reason to bring a
third person into a robbery when you're
facing a woman and another child
not only is this bad because it's
another loose end he might leak secrets
or he might betray you you also have to
give him a portion of your robbery which
in my opinion is never worth it but you
know what is worth it today's video
sponsor
atlas vpn they won't betray you they
won't spill your secrets and they won't
cost you a fraction of your massive
fortune
alicevpn is a state-of-the-art vpn
system that will allow you to encrypt
your data and hide your virtual location
this is done through a special vpn
server that can encrypt and decrypt your
information at will
in fact atlus vpn's data breach monitor
allows you to insert your email address
and scan the internet to see if there's
any data breaches that involve you
this will give you a head start on any
of those stupid hackers that attempt to
hijack your information
however my favorite feature is that
atlas vpn offers
is that it allows you to quickly and
seamlessly switch virtual locations to
other countries to access blocked shows
on your favorite streaming services i
like to use it on netflix
so for example the movie hostel is
blocked in the united states
well that's not a problem i just
switched my atlas vpn location
to the uk and allows me to instantly
access the show
last but not least atlas is doing a
massive discount on the three-year plan
making it only 1.39 cents and it
includes a 30-day money-back guarantee
so if this interests you make sure to
click the link at the top of my
description box
now let's get back to trying to rob this
mansion these criminals start getting
into an argument on the bottom of the
house because they didn't think there
would be anyone moving in
this soon the thing is is if you're
about to rob a mansion in a very
populated area of new york you should
definitely be doing more research and
maybe even scouting out the house
hours ahead of time you should have seen
the moving van which would have deterred
you from robbing the place
after a moment of hesitancy the robbers
start making their way upstairs to what
they're looking for i won't spoil what
they're looking for just yet but you'll
find out soon enough
however at the same time the mom of the
house starts going to the bathroom so
the robbers sort of have to stand still
and wait for the mom to go back to bed
before they can keep moving up the house
however if i were in the situation i
would strongly suggest removing my shoes
because loud boots on the hardwood floor
could affect the sound waking with the
mother up or the kid i know everyone has
the experience of playing their ds or
their phone under their blanket but they
hear their parents walking down the hall
so they quickly hide their ds in this
situation the robbers are like the
parents so they want to be as quiet as
possible
the robbers decide after the toilet
flushes that they're in the clear to go
so they continue walking up the stairs
however this is where the mom that gets
paranoid and checks the security cameras
and sees them walking up
this whole situation could have been
avoided if the robbers had simply hidden
while she was flushing the toilet
instead of continued up the stairs
on average it takes around 10 to 20
minutes for someone to fall asleep so
you should at least wait that long
for her to fall asleep and then you can
rob the place and leave without anyone
getting hurt
however because they don't do that the
mom is able to grab the daughter and a
chase ensues
during the chase one of the robbers is
able to come face to face with the
mother and the daughter however
rather than catch them immediately he
decides to taunt them this is where they
run into a nearby elevator and escape
after running out of the elevator the
mother and daughter pursued by one of
the robbers is able to get inside the
panic room and close the door right
before the robber can get there now
here's where the movie gets a lot more
complex
what the robbers are looking for is
actually located inside the panic room
which is virtually
impenetrable so we know then that the
robbers must know about the panic room
and if they know about the panic room
they should have done at least a decent
bit of research on how the door works
they should know from earlier that any
sort of item that blocks the door's
entrance will prevent the door from
closing
so what the robber could have done is
taken off his coat his jacket or even
threw his gun inside
preventing the door from closing and
allow the other three robbers to get in
luckily for the robbers neither the
mother or the daughter have a mobile
phone and the landline phone was never
hooked up meaning they can't contact the
police here the burglars and the woman
start having communication where the
woman says you can take whatever you
want and leave however we obviously know
that they're looking for whatever inside
her room
the burglars tell the mother and the
daughter what they want is inside the
room
although this may seem like a good idea
at first they don't specify exactly what
they want so the mother and the daughter
might think that they're looking to kill
them
because after all even the mother and
the daughter don't know what's the
valuable thing inside the room
the first strategy that the robbers
attempt is by locking
every single door window and basically
forcing them to stay
until they have to come out for food or
water although this may seem like a good
idea this would take
way too long and might arouse suspicion
considering that their car is going to
be parked in front of the house for so
long
i strongly suggest when drawing all the
curtains do not just stand
at the window where everyone can see you
wearing a robber's mask
slowly drawing the curtain just draw it
fast out of view of the window
the two dumb and dumber burglars decide
that they want to use a sledgehammer to
break through the bottom of the panic
room while i'm pretty sure the designers
the panic room already thought through
this and it's gonna be very secure on
the bottom this is also bad because if
you do get caught by the police you're
gonna get charged with destruction of
property which you might already be
charged with but this is just another
charge you know
and on top of that the loud sounds of
the sledgehammer might wake up neighbors
or people who are passing by who might
alert the police and get you all caught
so don't do anything stupid and try to
keep everything quiet especially if the
plan is for sure to fail
the black burglar actually comes up with
a great idea of getting a propane tank
and pumping propane into the room
basically gassing them out of the panic
room however it soon stops being a good
idea after the other burglar decides he
wants to keep the propane going rather
than turning it off
the reason you don't want to keep it
going is if you kill them inside the
panic room not only will you be charged
with murder you won't be able to get
into the room at
all ever fortunately the mother and
daughter don't get gas to death since
they have a little tunnel that gives
them air from the outside and the mother
uses a match and blows up the gas
contraption
honestly this is a close call i would
think that the gas would circulate
around the entire room at least causing
major burns to the mother and daughter
and potentially killing them trapping
them in the room forever
later the third burglar that was later
brought on is starting to demand more
money
this is why i said it was a mistake to
invite
and you also conveniently made it that
he's the only one in the group with a
pistol
meaning that you basically have to give
in to his demands or he'll shoot you
another issue arises when the three of
them are arguing the mom escapes to
attempt to grab a phone from the bedroom
in a situation like this you should
definitely have at least one person
guarding this very important room at all
times in case they try to escape the mom
is able to make it to her room safely
after grabbing a phone from her bedroom
luckily for all the robbers however the
phone cannot get signal from within the
panic room they realized that one of the
burglars is a [ __ ] dumbass and rather
than cut the landline to the phone he
just cut the cord to the phone
meaning the mother and the daughter used
the wires from the landline to hook up
to their mobile
phone giving them access to a call the
good news is the lady called her husband
rather than the police first meaning
that the police aren't actually
contacted yet
the robbers were also able to smash the
box stopping all the landlines this is
where the robber that looks like a
skinny version of drake decides to call
it quits so he walks at the door
however ravuel has some serious anger
issues and executes him on the spot
honestly this isn't actually the worst
decision by rap world to shoot the other
robber who decided to quit because if
that guy quits and he finds out you guys
got the money he might rat you out to
the police
however before they can get all
emotional about skinny drake dying the
woman's ex-husband comes home because he
was called earlier so they take him
hostage
at this point because there's violence
and killing involved the black robber
also wants out however the white dude
holds up there
and basically said if you don't tell me
an idea to get into that room in 3
seconds i'm going to shoot you
so they come up with the most evil plan
possible they bring the dad to the
security camera and start beating them
until they say the wife and children
come out of the panic room personally i
think this is a very risky idea because
the mom might not even care about the
dad anymore since they said earlier that
she's going through a divorce
meanwhile at the same time the daughter
really needs to leave the panic room
because she has diabetes and her blood
sugar is getting uncontrolled and
there's nothing
she can regulate it with inside the
panic room okay i know i was supposed to
help the burglars win this movie but i
couldn't help it couldn't the mother and
daughter just have left when they were
beating the dad up
and this would technically help the
burglars win too because if those two
left the panic room the burglars can
just get what they want and leave and
everyone gets out safe well
except for the dad maybe because the
daughter's diabetes is getting so bad
the mother is forced to leave the room
to go grab
insulin from the nearby freezer if the
burglars were just waiting outside the
door like they told them to multiple
times in the movie this would be over
because they could just let the woman
and the daughter go and get what they
want from the safe
before the mother gets back to the panic
room the two buglers beat her to it and
they see her kid on the floor luckily
they don't end up doing anything to her
but they could have just closed the door
and opened the safe and left it's not
like the woman can hurt them or anything
so one of the burglars go downstairs to
go retrieve the power tools to open up
the safe that's inside the panic room
however he runs into the woman
and the mom just completely [ __ ] runs
him over instead of camping out the
doorway he could have just went back to
the panic room and waited for her to
show up
or even better yet you could have just
let the daughter go that way the
daughter and the mother would both leave
there ends up being a really big fight
which results in the two criminals as
well as a daughter ending up in the
panic room while the mom is on the
outside
the police end up showing up because the
husband who came earlier and just got
his ass beat called the police
luckily for the criminals the woman is
actually kind of smart and doesn't
immediately confess the crimes that they
did
otherwise they would have killed his
daughter meanwhile the two criminals
inside the panic room take out their
power tools and start drilling into the
safe and we'll quickly see what was
inside
inside the safe there were millions
dollars worth of bonds with the
government bonds in hand the two robbers
then leave the panic room hoping to
leave the entire house in general and
escape before the cops show up
however bravol decides even though
they're at the doorway to get outside of
the house he still wants to continue to
hold the daughter hostage which i cannot
comprehend
just drop the daughter and run away
since he doesn't do this he gets sledge
hammered from behind
seeing this the black dude literally
gets outside and runs away he's almost
outside of the house but then he turns
around and looks
he sees red wool beating the family 1v3
and as a result he goes back and helps
and executes raoul
however because of that the cops show up
on time and he loses all the money he
came and worked so hard for honestly if
i were in the burger in this situation
and 22 million dollars were at stake i
would let the family 1v3 themselves in
fact they have a pistol so there's
actually a good chance they end up
winning
and that's how the movie ends all the
burglars didn't follow any of my advice
unfortunately so they all end up dead or
captured
overall i give the villains in this
movie a villain score of a 2 out of 10
because they were just so unprepared and
if any of those bad things that happened
to them didn't happen they would have
gotten away with all the money without
even having to kill anyone
i just want to thank everyone who
watches my videos and has subscribed
recently recently i've blown up a lot
and i really appreciate all of you
however i just checked my subscription
list and over 80 percent of you that
watch my videos are not subscribed so
don't be a stingy [ __ ] and hit that
subscribe button it's literally free
and as usual have a good representative
[Music]
cause i'm